The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2023 Massimiliano Carli | Cardinali SRL

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

---

Licenza MIT (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2023 Massimiliano Carli | Cardinali SRL

È qui concessa, gratuitamente, a chiunque ottenga una copia del software e dei file di documentazione associati (il "Software"), la facoltà di utilizzare il Software senza restrizioni, compreso il diritto di utilizzarlo, copiarlo, modificarlo, unirlo, pubblicarlo, distribuirlo, concedere in sublicenza e/o venderlo, a condizione che venga rispettato quanto segue:

La suddetta nota di copyright e questa nota di autorizzazione devono essere incluse in tutte le copie o parti sostanziali del Software.

IL SOFTWARE VIENE FORNITO "COME È", SENZA GARANZIA DI ALCUN TIPO, ESPRESSA O IMPLICITA, INCLUSO MA NON LIMITATO A GARANZIE DI COMMERCIABILITÀ, IDONEITÀ PER UN PARTICOLARE SCOPO E NON VIOLAZIONE DI DIRITTI DI TERZI. NESSUN AUTORE O DETENTORE DEL COPYRIGHT SARÀ RESPONSABILE PER ALCUN RECLAMO, DANNO O ALTRE RESPONSABILITÀ, IN NESSUN CASO, INDIPENDENTEMENTE DAL TIPO DI AZIONE, DERIVANTI DA O IN CONNESSIONE CON IL SOFTWARE O L'USO O ALTRE OPERAZIONI SUL SOFTWARE.

Below you can find the ORIGINAL COPYRIGHT NOTICE by 2013-2022 Start Bootstrap LLC:

---

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2013-2022 Start Bootstrap LLC

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
